[API/YAML] Add Microsoft Entra tenant IDs for Windows Autopilot enrollment and manual enrollment via Access work or school on the host (#39221)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

| Name                              | Type    | Description   |
| ---------------------             | ------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| windows_enabled_and_configured    | boolean | Enables Windows MDM support. |

> | windows_entra_tenant_ids          | array | _Available in Fleet Premium._ Add tenants to connect to Fleet, to enable automatic (Autopilot) and manual enrollment by end user (**Settings > Accounts > Access work or school** on Windows). Find your **Tenant ID**, on [Microsoft Entra ID > Home](https://entra.microsoft.com/#home). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| windows_entra_tenant_ids          | array | _Available in Fleet Premium._ IDs of Microsoft Entra tenants to connect to Fleet, to enable automatic (Autopilot) and manual enrollment by end users (**Settings** > **Accounts** > **Access work or school** on Windows). Find your **Tenant ID**, on [**Microsoft Entra ID** > **Home**](https://entra.microsoft.com/#home). |
```
